>> Brian Holt: Cool.
Let's do pet.tsx.
Rename this to Pet.tsx.
>> Brian Holt: Up here at the top we're
gonna import some more types, import.
PetMedia and
PetPhoto from
PetFinder client.
What this has, takes some props,
I'm gonna say, Interface Props,
name is a string.
Animal is a string.
>> Brian Holt: So
it should be a comma up there.
>> Brian Holt: Breed is a string.
>> Brian Holt: Media is a PetMedia.
>> Brian Holt: Location is a string.
>> Brian Holt: And
an id is a string as well.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
class Pet extends React.Component, and
this takes in Props
>> Brian Holt: And
this photos here is an array of PetPhoto.
>> Brian Holt: And that's it,
this one is the wise typed, so
not really much, and
this has to be public.
>> Brian Holt: So as you see this kind of
gets easier and easier as we go along.
>> Brian Holt: So let's go do
search context, searchcontext.js.
Now, up to you here how
you choose to do this.
This could be .ts and
that's what I'm gonna make it.
It doesn't need to be .tsx
cuz there is no JSX in here.
But you could call .tsx and
it would work just fine.
>> Brian Holt: So one thing at the top
here we're going to disable one .ts
just for this file.
No empty because we want those
functions to be empties.
So we gonna say tslint disable no-empty.
That's gonna give up on
those which is what we want.
Breeds here is going to be as string
array cuz it's gonna be array of string,
right, the breeds coming
back from the API.
And but
we do have to type parameters here.
So let's do that.
So it's gonna be an event and it's gonna
be React.KeyboardEvent HTML InputElement.
>> Brian Holt: Because type script is
gonna use these types that we define up
front to later help us with context.
It's smart enough to kind
of link those two together.
So handleBreedChange is a change event,
so.
ChangeEvent on an HTML SelectElement,
>> Brian Holt: And
LocationChanges the KeyboardEvent on an
HTML InputElement, so those are all right.
>> Brian Holt: Now notice we
don't have to type animal,
we don't have to type location.
Why?
That's a string.
That's really obvious.
You know it, I know it, TypeScript knows
it, and if it can infer the type just by
seeing it, it's like, cool, I'm not gonna
make you tell me that that's a string.
I don't have to say this as string.
You can, it's redundant.
I think TS gonna say, why are doing that?
You're dumb.
But again,
>> Brian Holt: All right,
so that's good enough for SearchContext.
Let's go to SearchBox.
SearchBox rename
to be tsx.
Okay, just a couple of things to do here,
we have to make the Props interface.
Interface Props, search is gonna
be function that it gets and
this is how you type functions.
Just an arrow function that returns void.
That's it.
Now it knows this is a function
that you call with nothing, and
you get back nothing.
But it has to be there.
So now I'm going to say this gets Props,
this is a public render.
>> Brian Holt: And I think that's it.
Everything else,
it knows how to do by itself.
But like, how cool is this.
I don't really know what animal is.
I'm just gonna mouse-over that,
I was like, that's a string, right?
You just get to see all that kind
of stuff just out of the box.
You're like yeah, you know,
I don't know what handleBreedChange is.
How do I call that?
Well, its method and it takes in
a event which is a change event,
which just happens on an HTML
select element and returns nothing.
>> Brian Holt: That's all
just built into here, right,
this is where TypeScript is getting really
compelling it's like documentation on
the fly everywhere
>> Brian Holt: Or like what's consumer?
I don't really understand
what consumer is.
Well, that's a React.ComponentType that
takes in location, animal, breeds.
All this stuff comes in on the context,
and
I just have to do that by mousing over it.
>> Brian Holt: I hope your brain
was just like this is really cool.
It's like this is a pain
in the ass to type, right?
Super pain in the ass to convert
a project from JavaScript to TypeScript,
but it's worth it most of the time.
Results.tsx, let's go do that one.
Results.js, rename here,
.tsx
>> Brian Holt: So
up here at the top we're going
to import as well the Pet
type from PetFinder Client,
but we have a problem.
This component here is already called Pet,
right?
So, you just say, hey just call this for
now PetType and now it's disambiguated.
>> Brian Holt: And, then we also need from
>> Brian Holt: Route component type,
RouteComponentType from
reach router from at reach
router
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
same thing here that
we needed from before.
In fact, we can just go copy that
in details, this far as like,
hey, just throw if there's no keys.
So put this at Details.tsx.
I'm gonna put it in Resutls.tsx.
Ideally what you do is you have like one
import from like a different API client.
So you don't have to have this every
single time the extension of the API
client but
we are not gonna fix that right now.
Above this, this used to have an interface
for props and state Interface Props.
SearchParams coming from context.
Those are going to be location,
which is a string.
It needs to be animal which is a string,
and breed which is a string.
Okay, so is like this is an object,
this object has three keys.
And then these have an interface for
state as well, state and it's gonna have
an array of pets which are going to be
of PetType and it's gonna be an array.
Then here we give it, Props.
No, stop it, Props, State.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, constructors.
Constructors are always public so
you don't really need to tell it that.
>> Brian Holt: This is public.
This is public.
>> Brian Holt: And this is public,
so we do that next.
>> Brian Holt: Constructor, say these pets
as PetType, an array.
I think this is been
a little bit redundant.
I think you would have
been already known that.
It does cause it we gave it up there so
up to you if you wanna do that or not.
Inside, right here it says hey.
I don't know what this is.
You just say this is PepType.
That's the only thing we can go in there.
That works and
it doesn't know what data is.
>> Brian Holt: Data right here,
this thing is.
It is a PetFinder response.
So it does know what that is.
>> Brian Holt: For this, it just wants
that, pets instead of pets: pets.
>> Brian Holt: And then down here.
>> Brian Holt: It needs
to know that this is the,
what do we call them up here,
route component props.
RouteComponentProps.
Cuz these are the props that
come in from reach router.
>> Brian Holt: Okay so, that's all good.
>> Brian Holt: But it's even cool that
it knows what this context is and
it knows that this context matches
what search params is looking for.
And it just matches a lot,
like if I forgot to put this here,
>> Brian Holt: It's like, hey,
well results expects this and you're not
giving it to results, so that's an error.
>> Brian Holt: So that's good,
I think that does it for results.tsx.